EG - more docs imrpovement (#17079)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/README.md

When you create an event domain, a publishing endpoint for this domain is made available to you. This process is similar to creating an Event Grid Topic. The only difference is that, when publishing to a domain, you must specify the topic within the domain that you'd like the event to be delivered to.

### Event schemas

> An **[event](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/concepts#events)** is the smallest amount of information that fully describes something that happened in the system. When a custom topic or domain is created, you must specify the schema that will be used when publishing events.

Reviewer: nit: I see we have `**` here for the word event, but not for the above `domain` or `event`. either have `**` on all of them of remove it for consistency :P

Author: added ** everywhere

client.send(event)
```

### Send Multiple events

> It is possible to send events as a batch when sending multiple events to a topic or a domain. This example send a list of CloudEvents using the send method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to send events as a batch when sending multiple events to a topic or a domain. This example sends a list of CloudEvents using the send method.
```

> **WARNING** To gain the best performance when sending multiple events at one time, it is highly recommended to send a list of events instead of iterating over and sending each event in a loop.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure WARNING is the best word to use here, since the sentence is not saying "if you do this, this bad result will happen". It's more of a **NOTE** maybe?

If you would like to stick with WARNING, maybe something closer to this?
```suggestion
**WARNING:** When sending a list of multiple events at one time, iterating over and sending each event will not result in optimal performance. For best performance, it is highly recommended to send a list of events.
```

> **WARNING** When sending a list of multiple events at one time, iterating over and sending each event will not result in optimal performance. For best performance, it is highly recommended to send a list of events.

Reviewer 2: small nit:
```suggestion
**WARNING:** When sending a list of multiple events at one time, iterating over and sending each event will not result in optimal performance. For best performance, it is highly recommended to send a list of events.
```
